Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
ethant: I'm doing alright
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So sorry about being late.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No problem. I wound up having some two people at six o'clock. And so I just, I knew that her, she would be quick. So I, you know, got through with her, how are things going for you.
ethant: Freezer okay I've been kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're tired.
Yeah.
ethant: I guess I've been like I was really I felt like I was really depressed. Last time we talked, and I think I'm less depressed, but I'm still a little depressed and I've been
ethant: There's been, I've been pretty anxious
ethant: I took the Klonopin a couple days over the weekend and then I stopped taking it.
ethant: It helped when I took it for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
ethant: So yeah, I don't know.
ethant: I think you asked me to try to figure out if my depression was like situation or if it was because of the medication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
ethant: It's kind of hard to figure out. Because the world is so crazy. I did you hear the news.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
ethant: The President was just on the TV half an hour half an hour ago at six o'clock, and he's barring all travel from Europe to the United States effective Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
ethant: Because of the coronavirus
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and that's going to help
ethant: I think his ideas that
ethant: There have been more bigger outbreaks detected in Europe, but it's actually kind of funny. The reason is that they've been doing more testing over there. But we don't have enough kits. So we don't know how bad the spread is here already.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
ethant: It's probably just as bad if not worse as it is in Europe, but we don't know, but his reaction is to to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put up a wall.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Basically
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that'll solve it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's true. And I read something the other day that said that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Women are carriers could be possibly be carriers of it, hmm. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I read that my email.
ethant: I haven't heard about that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't even remember because I keep getting these alerts about it in my email and I'll read a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and sometimes it catches my eyes, sometimes it doesn't. But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then they explain what the symptoms were and that it takes about 14 days before it actually hits full force.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it, but I don't get it because it's already here.
ethant: Yeah, the travel restriction. Yeah, I don't know.
ethant: The only thing that
ethant: That I think the the countries that have been successful in
ethant: Like slowing down the spread enough have done basically shut the whole country down like
ethant: You know, serious social distancing stuff like no big events.
ethant: Like basically cancel all social gatherings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: social gatherings public transportation. Yeah.
ethant: We haven't done. We haven't done that and so that that's not good because that probably means that we're going to have an exponential growth as we did start detecting it better and that's going to mean that our hospitals are going to get overwhelmed and and
ethant: And then the people who are sick aren't gonna be able to all get treated. So that's kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: stressing me out a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like that someplace else right now to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where the hospitals were overwhelmed and
ethant: Yeah, Italy, it's
ethant: So Italy is shut down. I don't know if you heard about that.
ethant: Like they basically closed down the whole country.
ethant: Like it's it's sort of like martial law like no one's allowed to leave, leave their house unnecessarily. So the whole country because the they had that
ethant: They detected the exponential growth of the virus and now they're in the situation where the doctors have to decide like who lives and who dies because they don't have enough medical equipment to
ethant: treat everybody that has it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a horrible place to be.
ethant: Yeah, I know. And that's what we're the United States is sort of
The
ethant: Based on what we've done so far, we were heading that direction. So we'll see if because we haven't limited that so like I'm
ethant: Taiwan. I think some countries outside of China. What is it, Hong Kong, Taiwan, South Korea, they, they all reacted really seriously and introduced and
ethant: Basically told everyone. Don't go to work, close all the schools and they took a really drastic measures immediately.
ethant: stop the spread of the virus, because we're in the period now where it's probably spread around everywhere. But since we've only tested a couple thousand people. We don't know.
ethant: How bad how, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About it really is yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you would think watching and knowing that it was going to come to this country that we would have be started getting prepared.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the beginning, instead of
Stopping travel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: I don't know how the travel thing is interesting and CNN is going over here. Not that it's great, a great news source, but I just heard the President was going to be on. So I turned it on.
ethant: And anyway.
ethant: That's kind of in the background.
ethant: All the coronavirus stuff and then on a day to day I'm just like getting a dealing with the stress, the stress explosion constant stress or explosion at work for one reason or another.
ethant: And then
ethant: Yeah, I don't know, I feel like
ethant: So I guess it is sort of situational depression but it almost seems appropriate because things are so crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you mean by the stress explosion at work.
ethant: Well, it's just a
ethant: We've talked about it like because of my job is ending and the company needs me. But they don't. And they don't really know what they're doing. And I'm kind of getting juggled back and forth like
ethant: I don't know, like every morning I wake up this morning I woke up and there was a security incident and the
ethant: Lead security guy was too busy with something so he couldn't investigate it. And so suddenly that became my problem.
ethant: And then somebody else needed help, learning how to do their job, which is
ethant: On the only one that knows anything about it. So I like half of my day got sucked up unexpectedly sort of talking to this person.
ethant: And then I'm kind of scrambling to catch up. And then I have this huge audit that I'm running which supposedly is my full time thing. So I kind of scrambled to catch up with that. And then I don't know every day is just sort of like that so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's just
ethant: I mean, it's just work it just the situation is so weird compared to my usual steady
ethant: Job that I'm used to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, yeah, which probably is a huge weight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stress. Yep. You know, I know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being mentally tired is definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be more tiresome than being physically tired Yeah, you know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's probably a big piece of it. Yeah, I'm sure you know how is your dinner. How was your and your wife's dinner the other night.
ethant: Oh, that was, that was nice like things are really sweet with Lillian, that was another thousand that was sort of one of the areas of my life that was also
ethant: When my stress was probably the worst was when things seemed rocky with her but I kind of had a little not confrontation, but a serious conversation with her. I took you know she realized how sad and stress that I was and how
ethant: The things that were going on with her and her video game and everything was sort of contributing to it and she she kind of came around in a big way so that that was really good.
ethant: And she apologized for escaping into her game as much as she has been and she's been really like
ethant: President and really sort of supportive and sweet and everything. So that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. You need that. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you guys had a great time.
ethant: Yeah, so we had a good dinner. And also, I don't know if I caught you up on my so I finally had the face to face with the boss.
ethant: This is so this is after I found out that they're not extending my contract anymore.
ethant: Or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they're not extending my contract.
ethant: So yeah, I finally had the face to face meeting with him, which was good. And he kind of it was weird. The way that he presented it was like
ethant: We could kind of what we will, we could work with you forever, but I can't have these guys depending on you forever. So the way he presented it it's like they're cutting off their they're using this
ethant: My departure as like the final deadline, where that the company has to get its act together to learn how to do what I do.
ethant: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: It's kind of like a ripping the band aid off thing. So, and I guess that makes sense. I don't know how much of that is like he's he's, uh,
ethant: How much of that is like politics or, you know, he's just trying to present it in a way where I'll feel the best about it but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so when did he give you an estimate of time.
ethant: Yeah, so my job. It sounds like is is a
ethant: Pretty is that so they don't have any what he said was, they don't have any intentions of ending the contract early. So what that means is that I have until July and the end of June.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
ethant: So I basically have
ethant: March, April, May, June four more months. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: April, May, June, because we're yeah
ethant: So three and a half months three and a half months of this nice salary and
ethant: I'm like, if I wanted to, I could try to accelerate it myself.
ethant: So if I want to try to go for this job. This is what I have to figure out. Next, I kind of told the other company that they have a specific opening that might be a good fit for me.
ethant: But they're also interviewing other people. So if I want to go for that, then I would have to be willing to leave.
My current gig.
ethant: So on the one hand, I'd be it'd be hard to leave in two weeks without kind of leaving them in a bad position and, on the other hand, they're paying me all this money.
ethant: That I it's unlikely. I'm going to make the same amount they did, you know, day to day and my next job. It's kind of to my advantage to try to find a job that will
ethant: Start in
ethant: In probably in the month of June, or even ideally at the end of it you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. You know, in July.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you've got to talk to this other company and just, you know, throw it out there and just tell them you know you want to do it. You want to switch. But, you know, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of your work ethics, you really want to see this through, you know, till the end of June, and if they're still interested that, you know, then you guys can reevaluate it but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, just be true to to who you are and you know what I mean and and just lay it out there. Yeah, and you know they're either gonna, you know, be happy that you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And wait for you and make sure that you come on, you know what I mean. Because I does show
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: work ethics some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, integrity work ethics and that you care about. You know what you do. Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something to think about.
ethant: Yeah. So I've already told them most. They already have the most of those little details. I just haven't
ethant: With the door that I opened was maybe I could leave early or even sort of suggested maybe they kind of want me to leave early. And so that's what I know that I haven't told them is that no they don't want me to leave early.
ethant: If I were to leave early. I would be
ethant: Potentially, putting them in a bad situation. So that's what I have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let them know that will know that. Yeah. And you're going to get a severance package that wouldn't hurt for you to tell them that it's also, you know, a huge financial loss for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because what I know is sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If they you know if they're willing to hold on, they'll
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They'll compensate you know
ethant: Yeah, that would be tough, if they if they said oh just screw him. Oh, you know, I don't think that they would play that game.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some real because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because they want somebody that's loyal and has integrity. You know what I mean. Yeah, so they're not going to want you to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You would hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They wouldn't want him to that I have to stop thinking about that because there's
ethant: There are some places like Uber, for example, they're just ruthless, they would if they wanted to hire me. They would they would try to outbid the company.
ethant: They will try to outbid the
ethant: The retention package from the other company to get me to ditch them immediately and like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All's fair in love anymore, right, we're
ethant: That's how they grew so fast is that they have that ruthless
Sort of
ethant: Grow at all costs, kind of attitude.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah salesman.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're tired, the depressions better today. Yep. How are you sleeping.
ethant: I'm
ethant: So, so I guess I sat up in bed, several times last night, Lily always points this out sometimes like it's kind of like almost like sleepwalking except for I don't get out of bed.
ethant: It's like I wake up and I realized that I'm like sitting up in bed like on the edge of the bed. Sometimes I'm sitting there vaporizing like all vaporizing my sleep.
ethant: So,
ethant: Yeah. So I did that last night, I guess I'm sleeping sort of so so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now release, we'd be great if your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sleep. Sleep. Sleep sitting up and smoking. Yeah, you know. Yeah. Um, what about are you drinking, any, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cameo or any kind of tea at night that it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stress relieving
ethant: You know, I don't do that. It's like deliberately, as part of a program, but I just sort of happened to do it. I think I did it last night. Yeah, I drink tea sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: It's not like a regimen. I just, I like to drink tea so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Varies I think we talked about it before, but there is these
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's the certainties that help promote sleep. Yep.
ethant: Valerian Root
ethant: That's one that I haven't started doing
ethant: Really, it kind of wants to see us about that once in a while to maybe I'll get some I'll put that on the shopping list tea with Valerian
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see if that doesn't you know how to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rest.
ethant: He was fuller
ethant: Um,
ethant: It's funny now that I feel like I'm all grown up.
ethant: It's just like, Yeah, everything's stressful and
ethant: chaotic and scary, but it just sort of life. So I feel like I'm sort of managing but you know
ethant: I don't feel like I'm
ethant: You know, totally happy and comfortable or anything.
ethant: But I don't know. I should expect to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you have a lot of there was a lot of what ifs hanging and a lot of work that was sitting in front of you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and a lot of anxiety and stress around things that were going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That have been going on. And it seems like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One by one, they're kind of resolving. Yeah, right.
ethant: Yeah, that's true, like things are
ethant: Better things were rocky with my wife and other better and things were unclear with my position and now it's clear.
ethant: I have that huge deadline that I kind of that I eventually finally finished. And of course, now there's just the next deadline. But that's just going to keep going, that chaos is just going to happen as long as I'm
ethant: Any maybe forever, but at least while I'm at this company.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have a new deadline for something else. Now,
ethant: Pretty much, yeah. I mean, it's like I have a here I have a huge amount of work that I know have to get done.
ethant: And we're having this audit, but you know these things go. It's like the audit is supposed to wrap up on this week, but if
ethant: Oh, I just actually found out today that because of the coronavirus the auditor cancel this flight. So the whole thing is going to be remote anyway.
Um,
ethant: It's one of those deals where they're going to go through and check that we're up to.
ethant: We're compliant on there's like I forget two or 300 separate detailed requirements of these rules that you have to be you have to follow.
ethant: And so they're going to check them all, but then some of them. If we're like, oh yeah, we're working on that right now. You kind of
ethant: You
ethant: You get to you get a pass because you're actively working on being compliant instead of actually being compliant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah.
ethant: So anyway, we'll just sort of find our way through. And that's what we did last year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's coming up.
ethant: The auditor is coming on the the week of the 30th. So that's like, wow, that's like two, two and a half weeks away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, half weeks away.
ethant: And basically have like hundreds of little
ethant: Documents and stuff. I need to organize in preparation for him for the auditor. Oh, and I have to. We have a penetration test.
ethant: Which I'm going to get the results for. So yeah, there's just a lot to do with
Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, which I think is a big
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is a big piece of your stress and as a big piece of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your restless mind at night.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to find a way to be able to release it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get back into that room sleep, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your mind has got to be able to relax to, you know,
ethant: One thing I have been
ethant: Doing better than I used to have been worse at times than I am now that I am able to, like, it's like I work until I
ethant: meet the goals that I laid out for the day and then I try to stop working and stop thinking about work.
ethant: So my mind maybe keeps racing, but at least I'm not I, I used to just keep working.
ethant: And then I would get into the cycle where I would get so tired that you know, it kind of grind to a halt on still trying to work and
ethant: So, at least I'm not doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Well, that's good. Mm hmm. You know, you're setting, learning how to set boundaries with yourself for that. Yep. What about going and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: hanging out at the sauna or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, being able to, if you don't feel like exercising or working but just going in sitting in the in a sauna for a little bit, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting a virus at the
ethant: Song, but I would get in my own tub. That's a good idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your okay your own tab.
ethant: I haven't taken the time at home in like years and years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good idea. Do you have a big tub.
ethant: To big enough to take a tub Lily are getting there all the time. I just never do it. So it's even clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say, there you go. You can do it right at home and just relax. You can do what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: really where a lot of women. Do you know, and a lot of guys do. I can't just you know say it's just winning. But, you know, just kind of put on some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put on some music.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, some happy music
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feel good music, you know, your version of what that is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you want to put some smelly aroma therapy going on in there too, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
ethant: My mom gave me a serenity candle or something. So that'll work for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: aroma therapy and you know what I mean, you've got to talk to yourself in your head and breathe and don't forget to breathe. Remember to breathe. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, no, it's a huge piece of it and just really kind of release all that stuff out of your mind while you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know in your bath and when you go to bed. You just got to keep telling yourself. I'm not going to think about work. Yeah, I need to relax. It's time to breathe, you know, yeah, you can play, you can definitely practice mindfulness while you're in the bath.
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. What are you feeling, what are you hearing what are you smelling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah.
ethant: Yeah, I can just focus on my breath. Yeah, I know you did stuff like that. I've done a lot like a meditation guru, but I know the basics.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay that's mindfulness to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember with DVD DVD, but it, it definitely helps you get out of the stressful, you know, thoughts that are in your head or even in your subconscious that you don't even know where they're obviously there's a lot going on, you know, you know,
ethant: What does DB T stands for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: dialectical behavior therapy.
ethant: should read about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Diversity is I love diversity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's all about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being mindful mindfulness
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why, why is mind making sure that you're not making decisions and reacting out of an emotional mind or a logical mind. But really, that you're you're balancing both of those and making decisions out of a wise mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's radical acceptance. You know, I love that one to emotion regulation, you know, DVD has a lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different components that it works on there's one specifically for anxiety to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: DVD for anxiety.
ethant: A DVD exercise kind of thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like it. Well, there's a workbook that you can get different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different things to practice when your anxieties high
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see what works for you. Yeah. And I would have to open the book to go through, you know them all, but I know that a lot of them are breathing and a lot of them are yoga.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Meditation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Changing your mind the thoughts in your mind, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of the major components that you need in life and an end and sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These are the things that we forget to do
It's all the same.
ethant: Yeah, it's kind of amazing variety of
ethant: Just living out of learning how to live.
ethant: Or learn learning of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, learning how to live and developing these coping skills that we never knew how to react and respond to things that happen in our life, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So check it out.
ethant: Hey, what's up, I will. I wrote it down. What, what's up with Mary I heard she is she still quarantined or she was on a cruise ship or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I haven't heard from her yet so i don't know i don't know i'm going to email her though and and give us Mary wellness check and see what's up with her. I definitely weren't married
ethant: If it was the same cruise ship I heard that, that it was like, stuck outside of the San Francisco band, and they finally let it more in Oakland somewhere.
ethant: And maybe people got off and they had to go into quarantine or something. I don't remember the details.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, I read an article on it too. And what it said was 22 people that out of the people that they tested tested positive and 19 of them worked on the cruise ship.
ethant: That's right. Yep. It was all the people that are mainly people that worked on the cruise ship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is scary.
ethant: Well, they, they live in these really cramped conditions. It kind of makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
ethant: They're all together in this sweaty little
ethant: Corner say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how many times do they, you know, continually drop people off and pick people up people off and pick people up. Yeah, but I, my understanding that they are there quarantine to the boat to the ship.
ethant: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I read on that article. I was like, Oh, those poor people.
Yes, somebody
ethant: Some infectious disease expert looked at the one you know because they did the same thing in Japan, there is that cruise ship that had hundreds of cases. And they made everybody stay on the cruise ship the healthy and the sick people.
ethant: And then some doctor came out saying it was like the worst possible thing to do because there's no the cruise ship is so cramped that there's no way to like isolate the spread. So you're basically like
ethant: Making a subset cesspool of
ethant: spreading it around like everybody is on the ship.
ethant: And then that that that's basically as far as I can tell, that's how the community spread started in California. I don't know how the one started in Washington. But from that cursor in Japan.
ethant: They flew the, the State Department flew to arrow two planes and people. One of them went to or maybe both of them went to Travis Air Force Base, which is up in fair, you know, Fairfield, it's between
ethant: here in Sacramento.
ethant: And then just today there is this news piece about how people that worked in the quarantine unit were talking about how the workers were totally not trained on
ethant: preventing the spread. So the workers went and like interacted with the people who are in quarantine and then went out into the community and then what do you know like
ethant: Two weeks later, somebody at an old folks home comes down with in this right. It was literally like 10 miles away from the Air Force Base, somebody comes down with
ethant: The virus.
ethant: So they haven't gotten out said that's what happened. But it seems pretty
ethant: Obvious that's what that's what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if it was something that you know your I did it would definitely be all over the place. But there was their mistake. No, keep it quiet and that piece, you know, do you are you working remotely. Are you still going into the office.
ethant: So it's funny. I've been
ethant: It really, it started because
ethant: I
ethant: Have one other guy on my team. He started. He likes to work from home. So we both started working from home a lot. This is like a month ago. Um, are you know because the company is getting absorbed into this other company like we downscaled are downsized our office to this crappy like
ethant: We weren't kind of place.
ethant: And then we're really, really busy in the morning because it's the end of Germany's day so however early we wake up or just slammed immediately when we were out of bed. So, it kept happening was, I was just busy. Like, I worked non stop.
ethant: From the moment I grow out of bed until about noon. And so I just kept on doing that and I ended up staying at home.
ethant: Because I didn't really have any important meetings that I heard when I did, I would go downtown. But when I almost every day, I was just scrambling to keep up for the morning
ethant: So, and then, and then the virus came around, so I'm like this is probably good that I'm reducing my exposure, like, yeah, I forget on the train. I don't have to
ethant: Face or, you know, being on the crowded restaurants and their crappy workspace downtown softness and then finally today as a lot of companies are doing my company announced that everybody's working from home officially starting next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just make sense.
ethant: Doing it I was ahead of the curve.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're ahead of the curve. Well, yeah. And it definitely protects you from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting sick, you know. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah, because I'm old enough, and I have like enough health that like I am.
ethant: Like people who are in their 50s, 60s and 70s with health problems are definitely at risk. I'm in my 40s with like quite, you know, I don't know if I'd consider myself.
ethant: Totally healthy
ethant: Yeah, you know, what do they say people with pre existing conditions there, but they're always talking about people with heart problems or respiratory problems, which I don't have any that I'm aware of. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or that smoke. Yeah, that's true, or baby.
ethant: A baby. Yeah, probably.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, it just lowers. You know what I mean, it just lowers the immune system and you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can it constricts the blood flow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's a piece of it too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, you probably are in that in that category, just based off that right you know
ethant: Better to not get exposed, if I can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Avoid yeah if you can avoid it definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
ethant: A little worried about my wife, because when she's been working less because she's trying to sell her restaurant to her business partner. So she's like
ethant: Goes down. There's just as little as she can get away with. But when she goes there. She's exposed to a ton of people. It's a restaurant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's like
ethant: Probably if if she gets sick, I'm going to get sick.
ethant: And that's probably how it will happen if we if we do get sick.
ethant: Because other than that, I just go to the supermarket and that's about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And you guys still got to be careful, even at the supermarket gotta wipe off the cart and, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't touch anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's messed up every time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Myself and my husband go out. Yes. What he says don't do anything. Don't touch the door, don't touch this. I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, but I get it. You know what I mean, trying to be cautious and not bring something home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She has a restaurant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I likes
ethant: Yep. Yeah, I've been
ethant: Trying to impress on her how serious the viruses. She's not much of a of a mean everybody follows social media and stuff. So everybody basically
ethant: Gets the get some level of news but
ethant: She is from Ukraine, so she like English is their second language and she's not a huge reader.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Explain to me why everybody is buying out the toilet paper and paper towels at Costco.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is that about, I think it's just
ethant: The doomsday people
ethant: Like they're there for seeing the
ethant: Like people are freaking out because the
ethant: They're concerned that the the distribution systems are going to start to fall apart like if enough people are sick that they can't drive the trucks, then who's going to bring
ethant: You know, driving the truck to Stockton. The, the grocery store and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But they're they're specifically honing in on toilet paper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And paper towels.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
ethant: I don't know. I guess that's
ethant: Like that is a thing that you need to stock up on, I would think that they would also be like non perishable food like probably if you try to find cam food can beam or something that would be sold.
ethant: Sold out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just amazes me, you know, kind of funny.
ethant: I can even probably show you, you see our that's like a industrial sized hand sanitizer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice. Yeah.
ethant: I was happy that Lily, I had that she brought it home from work because they bought it for the restaurant or I guess they bought a couple of them. So she was able to bring on home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's probably I would just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Assume and based off of that bottle of hand sanitizer. You just shepherd me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that is, she's pretty on top of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, washing her hands and wiping up and cleaning up after you know
ethant: Yeah. The restaurant is pretty clean their shoes very into like
ethant: You know she learned all about the health codes and because they have the score that they get from that, from the health inspector.
ethant: And anything where there's a score or like a competition and like a rating involved. She's like, really Kimberly and do it. So that's why I'm too.
ethant: And she also likes to buy stuff. So they when they built the restaurant they bought everything that you can buy at Restaurant Supply. That's probably why they had the big hand sanitizer.
ethant: We need to buy this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny. That's cool. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can't even like promote you know I'm sitting here thinking, and I'm like, what do you need to do to help your help your depression right now. Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't. It is too high of a risk for you to go to the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. So whatever you do, you have to be able to do kind of at home. Right, right.
ethant: So the bathtub is a great idea. I could also
ethant: I could also do an online yoga course.
ethant: I have done those in the past. I haven't done one recently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I took an idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely you need to get some sun too. Yeah, you have a garden audio.
ethant: And not really I we have a crappy little back walkway. I do, though. I like go out and walk, you know, end up going to the store or something every day. So I like it's not like I'm a complete shut in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but I know that I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just standing in the sun, a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Helps the UV rays helps with vitamin D levels.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: low vitamin D levels can cause extreme tiredness can cause you to feel more depressed than normal. Yeah, you know what
ethant: It's interesting. So you've gotten to know me over video chat, just in this period when I've gone from like being a serious message to a little bit better. So I don't know. Was it seemed like I got better. And then I fell into a slump or something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I just think that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Using tired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, I don't think that you seem for me. You don't seem depressed. You're telling me that you're that you're feeling depressed, but what I see is just tired, you know that you're a little tired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what I witness. Interesting. Okay.
ethant: Yeah, so I got to work on my quality of sleep. You know what I would help.
ethant: I bet is if I stopped vaporizing at like
ethant: 9pm because of nicotine is like a stimulant.
ethant: So, if I could, I bet if I could get through that, if I can.
ethant: Make a commitment to myself until like
ethant: This to stay away from the vaporizer I'd probably sleep more more
More
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: soundly soundly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, try getting in a hot a hot bubble bath, you know, with aroma therapy going on. And, you know, you really got to work on releasing the stress, you know, so that your body can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Energize itself, while you're sleeping. You know, that's when it does its most work you know when we're sleeping when the healing happens
Right.
ethant: recharging
ethant: Yeah, and it does feel like I've been missing out on that.
ethant: Like I wake up after sleeping and I feel like I could sleep for 10 more hours, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you taking any sleeping meds.
ethant: I take melatonin. But not every night. I take it pretty regularly. The
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long have you been taking melatonin.
ethant: Years.
ethant: Okay. I mean, I could try not taking it. I've been taking it long enough that. And who knows, maybe that's one of the things that makes me sleepy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are some sleep medications that make you feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: groggy, you know what I mean. The next day, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they do their job at night, but in the daytime, you feel tired all day. So like, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's either getting less sleep or rest asleep versus being tired, are they, you know, all day. What do you do, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: I took the colonic in a couple days in a row. And usually I don't do that was like over the weekend, I think.
ethant: And then I stopped taking it. So it's been like two days since I took it, so you'd think well maybe I'll feel group. Maybe it's a guy could be part of the tiredness that you're seeing as I'm like on that roller coaster.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And what about, um, you're still eating healthy
ethant: I feel like I'm eating pretty well. Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't get enough water.
ethant: I only drink carbonated water so I could probably do better on the water on it tomorrow.
ethant: So I remember
ethant: Funny or like my life coach as much as therapist is
ethant: Just checking in on all these little things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, because they they all of them contribute to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How we function right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your constipation is cleared up.
ethant: And how that's funny. And it seems like I like I there's a couple days where I was really normal and then I stopped going again even though I'm like I'm eating pretty pretty steadily and I'm taking the same concentration meds pretty steadily.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
ethant: It's not as bad at the beginning, it was like, I wouldn't go for five or six days and it's nothing like that. It's like I don't go for a day or two.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, then I'll go again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, because I know that whenever it's prolonged it can cause you to be real sluggish, too. Yeah, you know, so you have to really monitor that and be careful with that. Yeah, you know, um, do you take any vitamins.
ethant: Vitamins, no. I feel like I take a lot of medication that I don't take any vitamins, per se, other than the
ethant: Melatonin if that counts as a vitamin. And then I take mural X in the morning and it takes center.
Which is a conservation thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But no vitamin D or vitamin C or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that vitamin D.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Could possibly help
ethant: Vitamin D. Okay.
ethant: I'll read up or I'll check it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see what the benefits are for vitamin D.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where I lived out in Oregon was on the coast and, you know, right in the Washington
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oregon kind of border like it was one bridge to get to one state to the other. And it was the highest suicide rate up there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And part of it was because it rains so much that the center's NUMBER OUT AND I'M SO PEOPLE vitamin D levels were dropping
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so they would get depressed. And of course, you know, thinking straight to mental health that it could be a vitamin deficiency, you know, and so people if they were backed up. They can see people and so it would get so bad that, you know, people would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, kill themselves because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then they figured out that, you know, the constant rain, the lack of sun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really drops the vitamin D levels, which can cause that level so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you're inside and you work in an office when you do go out. You know what I mean. So maybe that could help a little bit too. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah, I was on a roll walking so my sister and her two kids live close by and my mom goes over there. A couple times a week. So like help to be like the daytime.
ethant: Child Care.
ethant: I was on a roll. Walking with them, but I didn't do that this week.
ethant: So yeah, I should call and see what's up.
ethant: Getting in touch with mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how did you feel after you walked
ethant: I always feel. I mean, it's not like it dramatically changed me and feels nice to
ethant: Be in the sun or, you know, if it's sunny.
ethant: And to get a little, you know, walk up a hill and get a little exercise.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, even something, you know, like that. Can you can definitely benefit from, you know, know will help, but just keep. Are you still journaling. Yep.
ethant: I have several weeks. I don't know. Did you read. I don't know if it, if you can see my chart I mailed one week and then I forgot 2 million in after that. All right. You know, I emailed them to the admissions people and they said they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put it in my chart. Oh, I haven't looked at, but I will
ethant: Okay. And yeah, don't, don't send the, the last couple weeks. Okay.
ethant: Pretty boring. I'm just like little I so I journal I write a little brief entry. Every time I take the the Suboxone which is three times a day.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And why do you write in it.
ethant: It just right like
ethant: Just a few words about like how I feel and what I'm doing.
ethant: You know how my therapy session went or whatever, whatever stressing me out at work or, you know,
ethant: I try to write down like what my anxiety level is which seems to always be between like 20 and 50%
ethant: And some nights. So I get a really bad when when when I haven't have anxiety that I feel it in my chest. That's when I think about taking the anxiety that isn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He, um,
ethant: I will actually kind of wanted to take some today because I started freaking out about all this news, but then I talked myself out of it. I was like, okay, I can't keep
ethant: As soon as I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did you do
ethant: I said I talked myself out of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You talk to yourself down off the ledge.
ethant: No, I said I I was getting panicked about all the news. So I wanted to take some anxiety medicine and I was kind of
ethant: The idea popped in my head. And then I talked myself out of it. I said I thought on I can't take every time I get freaked out about the coronavirus I can't like take a anxiety medicine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, how did you work through the anxiety.
ethant: I don't know if I did, I mean, I just
ethant: I mean, yeah, I guess I did. Because I, I was told is getting
ethant: You're getting like
ethant: panicky. And I sort of talked myself down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you talk to yourself down off the ledge is what you did know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what you that's a piece that should be in your journal really being mindful about how you did that right
Over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because then you can repeat that. And repeat that. You know what I mean. And that type of that type of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Self soothing can help in the long run in several different areas you can expand on that. You know what I mean. Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. That's why I said I was like what you taught yourself off LEAD YOU DIDN'T TAKE MY HEAD, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, YOU KNOW, IT'S those little things like that that we don't realize that we're able to do for ourselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you can expand on and help in other areas too. Yeah, okay.
ethant: So I have three notes so far I've read about DDT. I've read about vitamin D and journal about my
ethant: About like talking myself out of panic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How, yeah. How do you do it. What do you say to yourself, what are the things that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go on in your head that calms you down in that moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it just remember to that addiction is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A month mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What we're doing is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's manipulative
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there are these moments when when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have those thoughts to be able to take your mud.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know. You go take your mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then what I like is that you're monitoring it and you're taking it a couple days here, you know, a couple days there and you're not taking it consistently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just being aware of that piece that your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That your addiction can convince you that you needed on a daily basis. And then comes more problems, right, because then you become physically addicted to that med to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, it's about, you know what, at what level. Does your anxiety get before you finally come to the decision, but it's time to take it. Take your men. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you want to kind of expand on your, your ability to calm yourself down and really expand on those pieces before you revert to to the med right because that's a, that's a help. All we know that that's going to help. No. Just no. But
ethant: You know, they talk about it in a like ease and comfort.
ethant: Like, that's why anybody. It's so simple.
ethant: Ever there's everyone always makes it so complicated. Like, why do I drink or why do I take this pill or like it's it's easy and comfort.
ethant: It guarantees, it's like guaranteed comfort. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, get you out of the way you're feeling right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A short term solution for a long term problem. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, just focus on those focus on that, you know, what do you, what do you tell yourself. What are the things. What was it that went through your head that that allowed you the ability to calm yourself down, you know,
ethant: That's funny. I think it was just like, in part, partially it was feeling the power of not like I'm going to be okay I you know I don't have to
ethant: Know, I was like, it's sort of like feeling
ethant: Like I'm doing the right thing by not
ethant: Taking anxiety medicine. I'm like, I'll be fine. You know, and then just convincing myself of that immediately.
Comes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In there, it sits right there. It's about changing. You know that that mindset changing those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right panicking about the virus, all the way to wait, wait, wait, wait. You know, I don't need this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not going to be fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and breathing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, don't forget that breathing from your abdomen is vitally important.
ethant: Yeah, I never think of that, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not many people do, though, that's the thing when you're in that moment, and you're veering towards that panic. That's really honest. You know what I mean, that's like the last thing you think of. But if you can get your bring it to your mind and get yourself to think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From the abdomen from the abdomen from the abdomen. It's a deeper breathing. Then from your chest. Yeah, you know, and it helps as well as, as well as changing that thought process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So Valerian Root. Yep.
ethant: Okay, it's for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You already got any grocery list.
ethant: Oh, you're right, right, right. That's the tea. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just see on the is, you know, see if it doesn't help you get some restful restful sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
ethant: Then I tell you about the word on way I or did I show it to you. I forget.
ethant: Know, I had this thing on my eye. I thought it was a little scabs, I like rubbed it off and then it came back the next day and Lily is like what's on your I actually like this word guru on my island.
ethant: So I had to go to the doctor. This is like a week ago.
ethant: And they're like, Yeah, that's a word, so they couldn't believe that they froze it with liquid nitrogen rocker right on my island.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, don't hurt.
ethant: It wasn't that bad. It was scary. But after they did it, it was like no big deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Money. They said, come back.
ethant: So then it just, it was like this little bump for a while and then finally it fell off and now I'm not touching it. But I think it's pretty much gone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay to success, success story.
ethant: But it's a perfect example of that. Like my
ethant: My stress, the kind of anxiety. I mean, I'm so anxious. I'm getting like virus breakout and my I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I was gonna say, how do you get one on your eye.
ethant: I assume because I touch. I probably touched
ethant: I had virus on my skin like the word virus on my skin from touching something and then rub my eyes a lot so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time to wear gloves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gloves will work in God and public mascot glove it yeah don't take the risk
ethant: Getting a little better not touching my especially when I my I haven't recently washed my hands. I don't touch my face. That's like a big one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy. And that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This whole thing. Yep, but
ethant: How about this telemedicine thing, I think, bright heart is ahead of the curve.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody's gonna be
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: You guys have been doing this for a couple of years. Right. But now everybody's like,
ethant: Supposedly work from home and
ethant: Call this either doctor and etc.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you can see a doctor online for like $45 or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you call him Medicaid from Korea right there. You're not to go to their office and see him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They can diagnose you right on TV.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
ethant: Starting to feel like the matrix a little bit or something.
ethant: Like the only connection to the world that we need. Well, I still go to the grocery store that's like my connection. That's my physical connection and everything else, like all my work is just in this computer.
ethant: Like making money spending money feeding the darkness and talking to my therapist going, you know, talking to the doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whole life in a book.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Computer on a computer screen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a, that's exactly kind of where I think I'm at to, you know, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I do everything on my computer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what's the need to go out and traffic and and get hit or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People are crazy out there. Yeah, I'd rather just be Hear me okay
ethant: Yeah, I wanted to, I think I've mentioned this in the group I there was this moment when Lily and I both were like, Let's like go to Vegas or like neat.
ethant: She's a little too tied down. And then when we realized that Vegas is probably a horrible place to be. During a pandemic. We were like, okay, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It.
ethant: I've been working pretty
ethant: Pretty hard. You know, I work 10 plus hours a day, but I really could be doing this anywhere. I could roll out of bed in Tijuana, or you know Cancun, or wherever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So not Vegas, but maybe a secluded place where you and your wife to be able to go and spend some time together. Yeah.
And maybe the mountains.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Someplace to get some some real fresh air. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know and be able to spend some quality time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely will probably help and sit in the sun. It has to be sunny can't be rainy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Vitamin D. Gotta be sending
And grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
ethant: Yeah, we have some friends that live up in
ethant: Up in the mountains.
ethant: Forget which highway. It is like highway for, I guess, Calaveras County, we could go up there maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time to think about. I think that it would definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Revive you a little bit, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make you feel a little bit better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Besides bubble bath.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Valerian Root
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you've got all these other things that you're, you're going to try to implement within your schedule to be able to help with that piece and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You should feel better, you know,
ethant: Yeah, like you pointed out, I think, actually, I'm on things are getting better. I don't feel like I'm on downward spiral or anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't certainly see you see that that's what's happening with you at all. I see that you know you're tackling issues and you're handling them and you're up front. You're present, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're doing what you need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And resolutions are happening. So you know that shows that you're definitely doing the work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah, I feel good, I think.
ethant: I don't stop to think about it. Maybe, but, or, if anything, I have a kind of negative
ethant: Outlook, but I have a lot of things to feel good about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You really really do you gotta hold on to those because you know our minds as humans naturally go to the negative things that are going on if it's good, and it's working. We don't worry about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you know what I mean we're focused on the things that aren't working. But if we stop and reflect on the things that we've already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Solved and are making better. Yeah. You know what I mean, it just kind of says haha
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's working. You know what I mean.
ethant: Who I know what I'm going to do tonight. I'm going to watch. Better Call Saul, there's a new episode.
ethant: Oh wait, shoot it already. Watch it.
ethant: Damn, I find something good to watch. I don't want to watch CNN. I've had CNN on it's like panic central
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find some happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, something that's gonna you know make you laugh Yeah, get out of the chaos of the crazy of the world right now.
ethant: I like to know what's going on. But yeah, I have to, I have to kind of manage it. So it's not totally consuming
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the thing is that you that if that's all you're feeding your brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, of course, you're going to be depressed, of course, your anxiety is going to raise i mean it's it's this, it's a world thing. You know what I mean. And, and so you have that in the background going into your brain work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your brain. You know, like, where's the positive sense, it's not going. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to find something to focus on the positive a little bit and get out of all that negativity and breathe.
ethant: Yeah, I think I've called mom tonight to that's always a good thing to do. And I talked to her in a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's called a mom's a great idea. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mom's always a good
ethant: Yeah, I have a pretty good mom I'm pretty lucky.
ethant: Pretty great mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How did you get, how did you look at you have a great wife, you have a great mom. You know what I mean, you've got all these good things you're
ethant: Pretty lucky.
ethant: Mom, I just lucked out on my wife, I found I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it sounds to me, based off of the information that you've given me that you know you've got yourself a really good woman.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Totally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. Okay. So this week we're working on checking out vitamin D to see if it's something that you need that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're working on journaling when you're able to self soothe yourself out of your anxiety. Yep. You, you want to write down what it is that you did. What did you say you. You already told me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and write it in your journal so that you can keep an eye and see if it works. See if we can expand on those pieces. Yeah, I'm hot bath.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah. So really what you're doing is you're focusing a lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot on self care a lot on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, DVD skills really is what they are is what you're focusing on. So, and, you know, pay attention to if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're getting up all in the middle of the night, you know, if you're sitting up and you're not there, but you're there, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, that in your journal to, you know, my wife said, I sat up four or five times tonight. My wife said,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I didn't sit up once tonight or you know what I mean. And then you can kind of monitor you know what you're doing different and whether it's working or not working. Yeah, you know,
ethant: Yeah, yeah, I'll do all those things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
ethant: The journal was sort of crisis management, up until this point, so I can start to focus more on improvement. I guess now that I'm
ethant: Going through that deadline and all that other stuff that was going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And Journaling is a healthy thing to do for anybody.
ethant: Yeah, I don't know why I just like writing down like to, you know, take my medicine. I busy doing this, I feel, you know,
ethant: Depressed or not depressed or Harvard. However, I feel, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing wrong with it. It's actually a really, really good recovery skill to, you know, they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Recovery promotes journaling all the time, you know, in any literature that you read, you know the basic tools that you need for recovery and one of them is always journaling, you know, writing, writing down your thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you go back and you look at those thoughts on the in a year. And you're like, wow, what growth, you see that growth. You know what I mean.
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where your mind was in the very beginning and and you see the progress that you make from from point A to point B. That's pretty amazing.
ethant: I'm curious where. Where are you based
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On. Oh.
Okay, cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: So all the bright heart people, people are in California, probably because it has to be state license very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we actually have say state contracts all throughout the country. And we're getting more and more and more and more. I think we just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: sealed up three more on the east coast.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We have doctors in New Mexico, California.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So the idea is just to expand and have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have this open to people in in all states on
ethant: The. Do you have a group where you meet with the other therapists that work for bright heart or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I have supervision that I meet with Helena, which she
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One of the directors and she's amazing. I absolutely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just think that she's an awesome, awesome person, a great boss, I wouldn't have ever any other job that I've ever had.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've only had a boss like her once or twice, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very, very good good person and this company is amazing to me you know we we do groups and oh my gosh, New Mexico, where they're an hour different you know the we're not on the same time zone, which really kind of messes me up and it's only an hour, but the simple things kind of scrappy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And groups in Ohio and groups in West Virginia. You know what I mean. So
ethant: So the groups are all geographical like the
ethant: Members of the groups are geographically close
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They are in the different states.
ethant: So statewide as I see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so I hold groups in California and New Mexico right now is where I hold groups.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have my my certifications are from Oregon, and the state of Washington and California. So I can hold groups. Once we get certified in Oregon, Washington and California. So it's kind of amazing because each state requires has different requirements.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For contracts. And so, you know, there are hard at work, you know, contracting with
ethant: Their contracting with all the insurance companies.
ethant: And then probably the the the stage like
ethant: Medicare or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Actually state Medicare for sure because we want the people we want to get into the rural communities. We want to get the people that don't have services. Yeah. And to be able to have services, you know,
ethant: Bright hearth, and there's another one called like
ethant: Ed bridge or something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sure there's a few of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know bright heart and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know one other one too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: Do you remember what it's called. I'm curious. I'm always giving people advice on this stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's one that I know of course, I think, ginger, but it's more of a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of a mentorship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Type of thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And or crisis. So there's somebody on the phone all the time 24 hours a day and you just, you know, life skills you just help them work through whatever it is that they're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dealing with are working with now. And, you know, tell us like has been going on for a long time, you know, psychiatrist in different states will contract with different community partners to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Prescribe mental health medication. So, you know,
ethant: Interesting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's kind of amazing.
ethant: Yeah, I'm happy with it so far seems to be working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just keep up the good work you're doing the work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
ethant: This isn't I'm not doing that. Like, I don't feel like I'm doing anything. Amazing. I'm just being consistent
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, there you go. Because that's a piece of it. You know what I mean when when we are in our addictive mind. We are not consistent, we are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're not reliable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, our life can be completely consumed by getting in using, you know, the drug, whatever it is, or drinking, whatever it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The web of lies. It gets hold you know all the behaviors that go with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can get pretty severe. And so what you've done is you have stopped the use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Engaged in a program you're addressing any of the thought processes that go with addiction, because there are several to go with addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're addressing that. And you're applying them to your life. So you already have your schedule, you're building a strong foundation for your recovery. You're doing the work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, he says, keep it simple, stupid.
ethant: This is a simple but not easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's simple, but it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's simple, but it feels huge sometimes. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focus on the good
ethant: Okay. Will do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and get some rest. All right. Yep.
ethant: Yeah, I'll do that. I'll try the bath trick, and I'll report back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me know how that works out. Cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll be okay. All right, so I will see you in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Oh yes, I'm
ethant: I'm seeing Mary next week. Um, well, supposedly, we'll see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, she makes it back. I'm going to throw an email out to her when we get it done here and and check on her and see if she's holding me up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm curious on on. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well y'all know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come group on Monday.
ethant: Oh yeah, right. Well, my appointment Monday morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, your appointment Monday morning you'll definitely know she's available.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyways, I'm gonna let you go.
ethant: Cool, thanks for Becker. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a great night.
ethant: The same to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks for everything. All right, bye bye bye